# Report 2

Group PR_Th1

## Issues from last week 

* Package by feature vs package by layer
* Advice on class design
* Advice on trigger system
* Flipper behaviour
* Hacking prototypes, does design matter? 
* Abstract syntax for the file? Advice on parsing
* External libraries


### Resolved
* Finalized preliminary release document and all tasks related to it.

## Plan for next week
* Start to develop 4 prototypes for the preliminary design submission.

## Group Members

Bence Sebestyen @xsb15143

Ioan Luca @xqb16141

Lyubomir Ivanov @kwb15150

Martin Kollie @vib15168

Niklavs Meiers @isb15151

